docs(README): update usage section (#6)
BlueFalconHD/anki: README.md

## ⚙️ Usage

> [!NOTE]

> > The Catppuccin theme is now integrated in the [ReColor add-on](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/688199788)

Reviewer: Can you specify that only Frappe, Macchiato and Mocha are included by default?

Reviewer: Ignore me

> > The Catppuccin theme is now integrated in the [ReColor add-on](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/688199788)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Catppuccin theme is now included by default in the [ReColor add-on](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/688199788).
```
